iPhone: Give me one second.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I see now.
iPhone: Hi.
Jocelyn Corrales: Good morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: We're off duty today.
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what we're going to do it as we're going to do the
Jocelyn Corrales: Wellness relapse action plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or a weapon, also called the heartland. So I'm going to identify the different you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities that you do so, involving your hell emotions activities relationship or transformation. So display is to improve the quality of your life.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it is a work in progress needs to be reviewed and updated regularly. So every 30 days. I'm going to meet you and check on you from time to time. If the plan is working out for you or not. So,
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why it's a work in progress, because if it does not work for you will probably change some plans until
Jocelyn Corrales: It fits according to your lifestyle. So this is for improvement of your wellness and improvement of
Jocelyn Corrales: The quality of your life.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what we're going to get them going to ask today is what's working well for you and later going to ask what's not working well for you and we'll try to devise a plan. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, what's working well for me. Well, wait.
Jocelyn Corrales: So basically,
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going to ask in your
Jocelyn Corrales: Activities of daily living. Like, for example, waking up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: Taking a bath ab BE ABLE TO EAT BREAKFAST, DINNER and lunch on time doing your laundry sleeping and managing your being. Are you able to do that.
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So one of the
iPhone: Month. So Monday through Friday I wake up at 530 in the morning shower.
iPhone: Shower get my coffee.
iPhone: Do my
iPhone: Do my medicine and I do to medicine. So I do Suboxone and marijuana so
iPhone: I do that.
iPhone: And then after that.
iPhone: I leave go to work.
iPhone: And work all day. I don't eat in the morning, usually sometimes I'm not, I don't have breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: There's not a
Lot.
Jocelyn Corrales: But at the office, do you try to eat the pizza snack before lunch.
iPhone: Well, I take my lunch and I
iPhone: usually take stuff that I could
iPhone: Eat well I'm working
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you should eat lunch and dinner and try to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Earlier, and then lunch, just in case you get hungry.
iPhone: Yes.
iPhone: Well, food is like gas need food.
iPhone: For energy right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes that's that's right about that. And you can work well or function well if you're very hungry.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So just in case you miss breakfast you try to eat at work.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you shower Monday to Friday. Do you exercise.
iPhone: Yeah, all day work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what do you do at work.
iPhone: I do construction. I'm a flooring installer.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And are you able to manage your pain.
Jocelyn Corrales: If you have been or do you have been
iPhone: I don't know pain.
Hockey
Jocelyn Corrales: And on weekends. What do you do on weekends.
iPhone: Right. My four wheeler pretty much everywhere.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you
Jocelyn Corrales: Is it for hobby or, you know, sports.
iPhone: Or just hobby.
iPhone: That's what I do on my free time as I work on my forward.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. So is that for the Holy Saturday and Sunday or just at least once a week.
iPhone: What writing it.
iPhone: Yeah, Saturday, and Sunday.
Jocelyn Corrales: All day
iPhone: Yeah, pretty much.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, do you have a bath or something.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do walking around.
Jocelyn Corrales: The area.
iPhone: I do a lot of working
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's everybody
Yeah.
iPhone: I walk about 70 miles a day.
Well,
iPhone: I have a smartwatch so
Jocelyn Corrales: windy. Sure.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a pair to meet or something like pedal meter on your watch or
iPhone: Has it has a help.
iPhone: It has like a hope.
iPhone: That you can get on it.
Jocelyn Corrales: And also a tracker that
Jocelyn Corrales: Completes the distance
Jocelyn Corrales: Later another
iPhone: Yeah, track so many staircase.
iPhone: You do all that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Out. Okay, that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Good monitoring your activity.
iPhone: Yeah, me and my girlfriend have challenges with each other with the watches.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to your mental health regards to positive thinking exercise. You know how you regulate your mood and how do you improve your stress or your tolerance distress and stress management what's working out for you.
iPhone: I usually just
iPhone: Take a ride on the four wheeler. If I'm stressed out or something.
iPhone: Take a little bit of time to myself, and that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: When I call them because you know you only do you only write your four wheeler every Saturday and Sundays, because you work from Monday to Friday so at home and you feel stressed with the do you try to meditate.
Jocelyn Corrales: Before you go
iPhone: No.
iPhone: I medicate.
Jocelyn Corrales: It just take medications.
iPhone: I just made a cake I smoke marijuana
Jocelyn Corrales: To relax and you haven't tried like
Jocelyn Corrales: Meditation or, you know, just being yourself trying to read books.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or you're not into reading books.
iPhone: No, I'm not into that stuff.
Jocelyn Corrales: They have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing art or you're not into doing art also
iPhone: Huh. No, no more of a
Jocelyn Corrales: Physical type of person.
iPhone: Yeah, cool.
Jocelyn Corrales: So have you tried you know after we're walking in the woods or walking around to relax.
iPhone: Yeah, like I told you, me and my girlfriend have challenges and there's TRAILS AROUND HERE.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you should he do that after work.
iPhone: No every day. No.
iPhone: Sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: You do walking on a trail to relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: But not everybody
Jocelyn Corrales: Mood, or if you're, you know, having a bad day, how you, how you try. How do you try to bet he if
iPhone: You stay to myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just, could you repeat it again. He just
iPhone: Or just stay to myself.
Jocelyn Corrales: You just stay to yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: You try something else like
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, if you're having a bad day. You just say yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: To yourself you know you
Jocelyn Corrales: You don't argue with anyone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like your muscles.
iPhone: Yeah, that's the reason why I'm more of a quiet.
iPhone: If I'm having a bad day. I don't really talk or anything.
iPhone: For that reason, because I don't want to argue or
iPhone: MAKE IT WORSE.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you try to play online games or computer games or watch TV, just in case you're in a bad mood.
iPhone: Don't watch too much TV enough and I don't play video games.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you don't you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Try to connect with them friends.
iPhone: Don't have friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: So we'd be good to your therapy with your provider and your therapies. Is it working well for you.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Dr. Ariel and Jessica.
iPhone: Yeah, she's kind of Dr. Gabriel is kind of
iPhone: An a demanding said sometimes trying to drop the dose.
Uh huh.
iPhone: That's kind of challenging to tell her. No sometimes because she's like two straight forward to it like
iPhone: That's my only
iPhone: Issue, but it does mean that it helps out the way she's doing it. But sometimes, people need a little bit more time on the dose. Then she
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you doing a session with your therapy. Sometimes when a one.
iPhone: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: And is it working out for you.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're only she is the
iPhone: Creator.
Jocelyn Corrales: Of your
Jocelyn Corrales: The tapering of your medication. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you having difficulty adjusting to the tapering of the medications.
iPhone: This last time I did. I told her, though.
iPhone: I've seen her. I've heard like
iPhone: With other people. She's like, really, I don't know, aggressive, I guess.
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually tapering the medication is
Jocelyn Corrales: Usually part of the group programs to that you don't get too dependent be the medication that was given to you. But yes, I think the stripe. Also, just in case you're having a
Jocelyn Corrales: Tea. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, if, if, if you're tapering a milligram every two weeks. That is not how you do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's my
iPhone: That's not how you do it.
iPhone: But it's good. I don't know. You guys never been drug addicts or whatever but
iPhone: Like that, for a drug addict to taper a milligram every two weeks, like your Body's in shock.
iPhone: At all times, it's
iPhone: You don't feel right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you're telling Dr embryo also that you know you're having
Jocelyn Corrales: She's aware
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, she's aware of it.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's the important thing. Because if you don't
Jocelyn Corrales: Tell her that you're having trouble. There's a tendency that you go back to what he was saying before, and we don't want that to happen. And it's always good that you always tell your provider or your therapies what's what has been happening to you physically and mentally
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to your spiritual self.
Jocelyn Corrales: Could you tell me here. Yes. You're not religious, or you're in that spiritual. Nope.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you do nature walks
Jocelyn Corrales: Just as I'm human, just as you have mentioned last time that you go trailing you go on a trailing with your girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you sick. Okay. And does it relax you when you go into nature walk
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are there any other
Jocelyn Corrales: Methods that you have tried to relax yourself. So aside from doing trailer walks. Are there any other methods that you think relaxes you.
iPhone: Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Are you doing. What are your hobbies. Speaking specifically
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, you let me see.
My hobbies.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. You also mentioned that you like to ride your four wheel drive. So aside from that, so aside from driving in music.
My
iPhone: My four wheeler. I like to ride my flow, whether I like to work on cars like to work on motorcycles.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have a motorcycle so
iPhone: That's pretty much it. I ride the bikes with the kids sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good
Jocelyn Corrales: Thing to do
Jocelyn Corrales: Bike bicycle or a bike motorbike.
iPhone: I do both.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you play an instrument or any musical instrument.
iPhone: No, I wish.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried, but what the what.
Jocelyn Corrales: The play specific
iPhone: Guitar
Jocelyn Corrales: And have you tried doing it.
No.
iPhone: I would like to play guitar, drums
Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's a good idea. Maybe we could start with the guitar.
iPhone: Are you there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I'm still here. I can see here you
Jocelyn Corrales: I can still hear you. No worries.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still able to hear me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Okay, that's great. So you went to Detroit.
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing a guitar. I think that's a good start.
iPhone: Yeah I did guitar, drums
Jocelyn Corrales: Our job.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's another way of relaxing, although it's a bit stressful at the start, you know, when you try to learn to Ford's but you know
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not too late to start
iPhone: Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, because he mentioned you like music and maybe you know you could actually start with, you know, the guitar. First, or if maybe if you like jobs better. Maybe you could do drums
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have a guitar at home.
iPhone: No, my, my daughter does
Jocelyn Corrales: A we could borrow or guitar and you can ask her to help you.
iPhone: Do we have one here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, she could teach you. You don't need to buy a guitar, at least try.
Jocelyn Corrales: She's learning
iPhone: To she doesn't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's great. Both of you are learning
Jocelyn Corrales: That's one way of, you know, interacting with your daughter, you know, wondering with your daughter. And, you know, we have relaxation also
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing guitar.
Jocelyn Corrales: How old is your daughter.
iPhone: 10 year old and a 12 year old their step daughters. They're not biological daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: 10 year old and a 12 year old daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: Step daughter.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you love your daughters.
Jocelyn Corrales: Of course, of course. Yeah. Why not try
Jocelyn Corrales: When your daughter practices or why not try
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, you could also buy yourself a guitar so that both of you try to learn how to play the guitar. That's one way of relaxing actually and bonding with the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, they do not need to be
Jocelyn Corrales: Biological to be a family, they're still a family, even if they're just your step over. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you said you leave with your girlfriend.
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Those daughters are from your girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: In a home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
iPhone: Yeah, I live in a home.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And the daughters that you're talking about is your girlfriend stutters
Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you do not have pets.
iPhone: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: And or is someone in your home allergic to pets.
iPhone: No, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned that you have no friends.
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: But your biological family. Are you able to contact them.
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like your mom, your dad and your brothers or sisters
iPhone: Yeah, I don't have a dad just my mom.
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you have a brother or sister.
iPhone: Two brothers and a sister.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you communicate with them.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm still here. You're breaking out.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let's let's go back again to the question, because you're breaking out. So you're in contact with your mom and your brothers.
iPhone: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I guess I can hear you. I can hear you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you have a good relationship with your family.
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. And are your family and your girlfriend very supportive of your
Jocelyn Corrales: Therapy.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. All right. Is your girlfriend or your family supportive of you getting well
iPhone: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so you've mentioned to me that you didn't have friends. Why is that so
iPhone: Because friends are what
iPhone: Makes you do things that you don't want to do
iPhone: Friends, I wouldn't be sober right now.
iPhone: I guess it's the type of friends, you get to
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, because you have brands that do some things that you don't want to do
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you mentioned that you always write your
Jocelyn Corrales: Four wheel, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Your four wheeler truck, but
iPhone: four wheeler. It's a four wheeler.
Jocelyn Corrales: A TV. Okay. Do you have friends that you know or a group or you just do it alone.
iPhone: I do it alone.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have some old friends in the neighborhood that you considered friends or you don't want to hang out with them.
iPhone: We just moved to this neighborhood. So no, no friends around you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your wife didn't have friends out there.
iPhone: Well, yeah, she has friends.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you very far away from your neighbors.
iPhone: Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh. Have you tried. Do we, you know, socialization in the neighborhood.
iPhone: Say hi to everybody.
iPhone: Don't sit there in conversation with anybody.
Jocelyn Corrales: But the girlfriend is friendly to other to your neighbors.
Jocelyn Corrales: Makes you anxious when you try to talk to other people, especially new people.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's why you don't want to talk to them because it makes you anxious
Jocelyn Corrales: But have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: Talking to some of your neighbors or you just, you know, you really don't want to try
iPhone: No I don't try
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: This your neighborhood. Do you know community barbecue, you know, barbecuing or community, one day, something like that or community sports.
iPhone: I like i said i. We just moved here. I don't know.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
iPhone: Which has been here five months so
Jocelyn Corrales: And we'd be good financial are you are currently working
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your girlfriend is also working
Yes.
iPhone: I do construction and she works for the police department.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to the budgeting to your needs are you doing your own different bills or you
Jocelyn Corrales: Work on it collaboratively.
iPhone: You're cutting out. I can't hear nothing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries. I'll go. I'm going to repeat my question.
Jocelyn Corrales: Your girlfriend works in the police.
iPhone: Work construction.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to budgeting for your needs, basic needs and paying the bills. Do you do your own budgeting, or do you manage your own finances are you both do it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Collaboratively
iPhone: We manager each of our financials on our own, but we split up the bills.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And what's not working out for you in your basic you mentioned to me that sometimes you miss breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're able to do walking
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're not doing it on a
Jocelyn Corrales: on an everyday basis, you're walking
iPhone: Yeah, I work I do it at work. I
iPhone: Like I said, I work seven walk 78 miles a day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And when you're home, you're really tired. Yeah, I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's just try to work out on your
Jocelyn Corrales: Other teams of relaxation
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could try music as you have mentioned.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to
Jocelyn Corrales: Financial. Is there something that does not work between you and your girlfriend.
iPhone: No.
Jocelyn Corrales: And are you having
Jocelyn Corrales: Some problems. Read financials, or it's doing good for you.
iPhone: Know I'm good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried being spiritual or you're not into, like, going to church or attending online services, something like that or online worship services.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hello.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you still there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hi. Sorry.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think I lost you out there.
iPhone: So my phone got too hot and it turned off.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, it's like, it's fine, it's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: You mentioned that you wake up at
Jocelyn Corrales: five in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: 530 in the morning from Monday to Friday and what time do you usually wake up on a weekend when it's Saturday or Sunday.
iPhone: 830 or nine
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine. This literally it's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And
Jocelyn Corrales: But on weekends, you're able to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. It's only during work days that you are sometimes missing out your breakfast.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Have you tried to store. You know, like bread or, you know, snacks at home so that even if you're in up you know if you're not able to cook breakfast or at least store some eggs. Just eat eggs for breakfast to that you left hemisphere breakfast.
iPhone: Like I told you I I take snacks and my lunch bag and nights munch on stuff while I'm working
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's fine. That's fine. And you eat lunch on that same meals.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and try to eat healthy food, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's gonna change anything advice to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: healthy snacks.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try not to miss breakfast. So that's the plan. And I'm not going to change any
Jocelyn Corrales: Any of your, you know, mealtimes. So with regards to your ETFs or, you know, physical activity. I don't think I have to
Jocelyn Corrales: Tell you to do exercise because you're working out all the and it's already time for you when you get home. So maybe we'll work more will work more on relaxation
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me review what we did here.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good as you're
Jocelyn Corrales: Walking out also to relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you considered, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Going to church.
Know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Your
Jocelyn Corrales: Is your family religious
Jocelyn Corrales: Or not also
No.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do quiet reflection, you know, PlayStation or your myself at home late like a quiet time
Jocelyn Corrales: Do you do you do that at home.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Quiet Time and meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: By so like, it's like the meantime I pulled
Jocelyn Corrales: some quiet time for yourself to relax.
iPhone: Yeah, when the kids go with their dad.
iPhone: Relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Jocelyn Corrales: Slow
Jocelyn Corrales: To their dad.
iPhone: Or their you
iPhone: Know, they've been here since this this virus. They've been here for the past two months.
iPhone: Usually they go with you for a week over there and come back over here for a week alternate
Jocelyn Corrales: So what I'm going to make here for goals because you know you have been working all day and it's, it would be very tight for you to do some exercise at home. What a great you to do is do some
Jocelyn Corrales: Me time
Jocelyn Corrales: Some time alone.
Jocelyn Corrales: some quiet time
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially before you sleep.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like a self meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you also wanted to do, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: diversionary activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Since she likes music
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do during your quiet time. You could also listen to some music.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Drums, but I think we could start with a guitar and what time do you usually sleep at night.
iPhone: I go to bed like a nine.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you do not have any trouble sleeping, no.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good. You're doing you sleepy early
Jocelyn Corrales: And do you think that
Jocelyn Corrales: Right heart help has been
Jocelyn Corrales: A good help or a good support group for you.
iPhone: Yeah, definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so let me show you my
Jocelyn Corrales: Screen for a while. I'll just get
I'm just going to
Jocelyn Corrales: Just going to
Jocelyn Corrales: Edit this later on. So just, you just see the information that I've gathered for me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let me share my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Where is my rap.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Can you see my screen.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Okay, so I have listed here. All those more, some of it are also the what's not working out for us also read in here, I'm just going to transfer it later.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you're able to do your basic activities of daily living, and you're able to, you know, it's like a work out when you go to work. It's like doing a workout.
Jocelyn Corrales: And during you know to relax your mind you take your four wheeler, you know, by yourself to relax and you take medication and smoke marijuana also to relax and you do some walking on trail or like nature trail with your girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and you mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: Working out with your provider and therapy works out seems to be working out for you. And it's helping out or helping a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: But you're having a hard time trying you're having a hard time tapering down with the medications. I've also included that here and you're another spiritual or religious person, but you do a nature walk
Jocelyn Corrales: Or trail.
Jocelyn Corrales: With your girlfriend.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that you mentioned that you like music working on cars and motorcycle and ride a bike. We had the kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: You report that
Jocelyn Corrales: You do to have friends, but you have your family with you.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just me.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you do not have bats.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you are in contact with your
Jocelyn Corrales: biological family like your mother and your siblings, you're currently working your girlfriend is also working and you manage your own individual
Jocelyn Corrales: Needs and necessities and you split SOME OF THE BILLS.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and really good to not working well. You have mentioned that you're sometimes missing your breakfast but you tried to bring in snacks with you eat your lunch so that you will be able to eat during your work.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that's working.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's what's not working well for you with regards to mental health is that the medication tapering is not working too well for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: You are not religious but you could need some more quiet time and medication by being you know by yourself a pole or you could
Jocelyn Corrales: Literally just listen to music to relax.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe you could also try. Are you open to communicating with your neighbors, maybe some some time.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's include that.
Jocelyn Corrales: In the activities probably
Jocelyn Corrales: Talk or communicate
Jocelyn Corrales: Some time
Jocelyn Corrales: Quiet Time alone, listen to music.
Jocelyn Corrales: So what advice for you for regards to meal just it healthy meals and try not to miss your breakfast or, you know, just as you are doing, try to bring extra snacks. When you go to work, so that you have something to mention or eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: And rigorous your activities of daily living, quiet time alone by yourself meditation to relax or good listen to music.
Jocelyn Corrales: To relax or on weekends good nature walk
iPhone: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: So try to do your nature walks on weekends regularly on weekends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you okay with that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay. I'm not asking you to do nature works Monday to Friday because you're very you're already very tired, but maybe you could do it on weekends.
Jocelyn Corrales: Saturdays and and
Jocelyn Corrales: They Vishal activities. Maybe you can try doing guitar or drums
Jocelyn Corrales: And upbeat me if it's working out for your enough or maybe we could find another version of activities and try to communicate lead your neighbors. Sometimes, you know, so that you could have at least some socialization.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, especially
Jocelyn Corrales: Your friend, your girlfriend's friends. They're out there, the neighborhood and regards to the sleep. I'm not going to change anything about it and
Jocelyn Corrales: It seems to be working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And we
Jocelyn Corrales: Have Richard here at the evolution that then going to every week you every 30 days at least 30 days then same time 6pm and support people right heart health staff, including your provider and your therapies and
Jocelyn Corrales: Your family.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I think I'm not able to
Jocelyn Corrales: To give you the mouse. Usually I usually ask the
Jocelyn Corrales: Patients to sign this but it's fine. I'm just going to send you a copy of the plan. I'm going to revise this and I'm going to send you a copy sometime next week.
iPhone: We'll be able to receive it in your email and I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: Going through the schedule usually
Jocelyn Corrales: For the next session, like for example we're going, I'm going to touch base again with you after 30 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: If it's not that this long probably shorter maybe around 30 minutes instead of an hour session and let's check on how you're doing. And you can also update me what's new in your life by then house working out, you know, we do family and
Jocelyn Corrales: House, how are you doing good work.
Jocelyn Corrales: In house. The tapering of your medication if it's been doing well or not and something like that. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. It was great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Talking to you.
And
30 days.
Jocelyn Corrales: You have you have my direct contact number two, what a text is the one I texted you. This my direct contact number. So, just in case you have any problems you what you need someone to talk to. You just need someone to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Especially if you're frustrated and you want to, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Just express yourself, you could always message me or talk to me. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. Okay. Thank you and have a great day and be safe out there.